My brother and I are both emasculated
How did you guess
Those women were raped and then killed by us
In the theory of typhoid and miscellaneous diseases, a technique of revival is recorded
Will father and son licorice
Dried ginger and nutmeg boiled into a decoction
Can bring men back
I guess you must have stunned the victim first and then
Then rape and then kill
It was amazing.
Yes, I killed them all.
They brought this on themselves.
Why do you do this
The rumor is that he was bullied
Who is the woman who took it?
Sister Xu Qing
That's taken over by bullies
The neighbors who live in harmony on weekdays
If only one person stood up to help
My sister wouldn't end up like this either
My brother and I will not be taken into slavery by Inge
Li
I returned to this village.
Pick on those newlyweds
Pretending to be my sister's revenge
So that they can also experience
Our pain
Hey
When is the revenge?
I lean up
All lean on me
Do you know this?